Add docs on scheduling functions in new convenience features section (#914)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/convenience-features/scheduling-functions.rst

Scheduling Functions at Custom Frequencies
==========================================

> In order to be able to run certain functions at a rate that is faster than the default ``TimedRobot`` periodic update rate (20 ms), an ``addPeriodic()`` method has been added to ``TimedRobot``. Previously, teams had to make a ``Notifier`` to run feedback controllers more often than the ``TimedRobot`` loop period of 20 ms (running ``TimedRobot`` more often than this is not advised). Now, users can run feedback controllers more often than the main robot loop, but synchronously with the ``TimedRobot`` periodic functions, eliminating potential thread safety issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``TimedRobot``'s ``addPeriodic()`` method allows one to run custom methods at a rate faster than the default ``TimedRobot`` periodic update rate (20 ms). Previously, teams had to make a ``Notifier`` to run feedback controllers more often than the ``TimedRobot`` loop period of 20 ms (running ``TimedRobot`` more often than this is not advised). Now, users can run feedback controllers more often than the main robot loop, but synchronously with the ``TimedRobot`` periodic functions, eliminating potential thread safety issues.
```

Reviewer: Just some more wordsmithing.

> The ``addPeriodic()`` (Java) / ``AddPeriodic()`` (C++) method takes in a lambda (the function to run), along with the requested frequency and an optional offset from the common starting time. The optional third argument is useful for scheduling a function in a different timeslot relative to the other ``TimedRobot`` periodic methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``addPeriodic()`` (Java) / ``AddPeriodic()`` (C++) method takes in a lambda (the function to run), along with the requested period and an optional offset from the common starting time. The optional third argument is useful for scheduling a function in a different timeslot relative to the other ``TimedRobot`` periodic methods.
```

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Java

        .. code-block:: java

            public class Robot extends TimedRobot {
                private Joystick m_joystick = new Joystick(0);
                private Encoder m_encoder = new Encoder(1, 2);
                private Spark m_motor = new Spark(1);
                private PIDController m_controller = new PIDController(1.0, 0.0, 0.5, 0.01);

                public Robot() {
                    addPeriodic(() -> {
                        m_motor.set(m_controller.calculate(m_encoder.getRate()));
                    }, 0.01, 0.01);
                }

                @Override
                public teleopPeriodic() {
                    if (m_joystick.getRawButtonPressed(1)) {
                        if (m_controller.getSetpoint() == 0.0) {
                            m_controller.setSetpoint(30.0);
                        } else {
                            m_controller.setSetpoint(0.0);
                        }
                    }

>                 }

Reviewer: We should add closing braces to the class declarations in the examples.
